Added docs + docstrings (#28)
datajoint/element-miniscope: docs/src/index.md

# Element Miniscope Calcium Imaging

> This Element features a DataJoint schema for functional calcium imaging data acquired with the UCLA Miniscope and `Miniscope DAQ V4` acquisition system, and analyzed with `CaImAn`. Each Element is a modular pipeline for data storage and processing with corresponding database tables that can be combined with other Elements to assemble a fully functional pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataJoint Element for functional calcium imaging data acquired with the [UCLA Miniscope](https://github.com/Aharoni-Lab/Miniscope-v4) and [Miniscope DAQ](https://github.com/Aharoni-Lab/Miniscope-DAQ-QT-Software) acquisition system, and analyzed with `CaImAn`. DataJoint Elements collectively standardize and automate data collection and analysis for neuroscience experiments. Each Element is a modular pipeline for data storage and processing with corresponding database tables that can be combined with other Elements to assemble a fully functional pipeline.
```

Reviewer: Mirrored the text between the readme and this paragraph.

> This Element features a DataJoint schema for functional calcium imaging data acquired with the UCLA Miniscope and `Miniscope DAQ V4` acquisition system, and analyzed with `CaImAn`. Each Element is a modular pipeline for data storage and processing with corresponding database tables that can be combined with other Elements to assemble a fully functional pipeline.

Reviewer 2: If changing README above, please also change here

> Visit the [Concepts page](./concepts.md) for more information about the tables in the `miniscope` schema. To get started with building your data pipeline visit the [Tutorials page](./tutorials.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Concepts page](./concepts.md) for more information about miniscope calcium imaging and Element Miniscope. To get started with building your data pipeline visit the [Tutorials page](./tutorials.md).  
```
